# Forest's Dot Files

These are config files to set up a system the way I like it.

The core is [oh-my-zsh][oh-my-zsh] with the dotfiles providing customization and installation.

See [oh-my-zsh][oh-my-zsh] project for available plugins and features.

## Installation

    git clone git://github.com/forest/dotfiles ~/.dotfiles
    cd ~/.dotfiles
    rake install

### Install homebrew

### Install Powerline Font

    brew tap homebrew/cask-fonts
    brew cask install font-inconsolatago-nerd-font-mono

## Environment

Set zsh as your default shell.

    chsh -s /bin/zsh

## Features

I normally place all of my coding projects in ~/code, so this directory
can easily be accessed (and tab completed) with the "c" command.

    c proj<tab>

There is also an "h" command which behaves similar, but acts on the
home path.

    h doc<tab>

If you're using git, you'll notice the current branch name shows up in
the prompt while in a git repository.

If you’re using Rails, you’ll find some handy aliases (below). You can also use
show_log and hide_log in script/console to show the log inline.

    rc		    # rails console
    rs		    # rails server thin
    rg          # rails generate
    rdb         # rails dbconsole
    tlog        # tail -f log/development.log
    rst         # touch tmp/restart.txt
    migrate     # rake db:migrate db:test:clone

See the other aliases in ~/.dotfiles/oh-my-zsh/custom/aliases.zsh. To edit or
add new aliases the alias. The source .zshrc to reload.

    ealias      # vi ~/.dotfiles/oh-my-zsh/custom/aliases.zsh

    source ~/.zshrc

Enabled oh-my-zsh plugins (aliases and completions):

    autojump
    brew
    bundler
    cap
    gem
    git
    git
    git-flow
    github
    heroku
    mydirs
    powder
    rails3
    redis-cli
    rvm

If there are some shell configuration settings which you want secure or specific to one
system, place it into a ~/.localrc file. This will be loaded automatically if it exists.

There are several features enabled in Ruby’s irb including history and completion. Many
convenience methods are added as well such as “ri” which can be used to get inline
documentation in IRB. See irbrc and railsrc files for details.

[oh-my-zsh]: https://github.com/robbyrussell/oh-my-zsh
